​
# Search Query Question Involving Negative Lookahead <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#10930](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/10930)
- Application engineer: Alex Jean-Baptiste
- Customer: Fiverr, Ltd. <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: September 6, 2022

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.36.2​
- Deployment: kubernetes
- External Services: GITHUB
- Auth Providers: github,github


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C01FG5LUWUU/p1662472225429229
- GitHub Issue Link: N/A
- Doc Update Link: N/A

## Summary
### Customer Question
​
​Hey 🙂 does Sourcegraph support regular expression negative lookahead?
I’m getting this error for a regex that is working in many other places :
```@fiverr-private\/reviews\/src(?!\/sdk).*```

​
////////FOLLOW UP QUESTION///////
​
​I’ve tried to use NOT instead, but as far as I see - I can’t correlate the 2 parts to point on the same rows and can’t really get accurate results with it, because they will look independently for results in the file, and will match as long as they appear in the same file.
My use case is to find all occurrences of the text @fiverr-private/reviews/src except ones that has /sdk.* after the /src , but if I do something like that :
@fiverr-private\/reviews\/src NOT @fiverr-private\/reviews\/src\/sdk and I have this file :
@fiverr-private/reviews/src/something --> should be makred
@fiverr-private/reviews/src/sdk --> shouldn't be marked because of the "sdk"


it will not find anything, because the NOT works as well on this file
### Application Engineer Answer
​
​We do not support regex negative lookahead due to the fact that it would be extremely resource intensive for Sourcegraph.
You do have the option of two workarounds however:

1. You can use the NOT operator to achieve the same effect
2. You can use the src-cli tool to pull the results from your Sourcegraph Instance’s API and then pipe it to a CLI regex tool
​
/////////FOLLOW UP ANSWER///////////
​
​Based on what you’ve described I believe the following query could work:
@fiverr-private\/reviews\/src -content:@fiverr-private\/reviews\/src\/sdk
If you take a look at our keywords here you’ll see that the -content should exclude results from files and not the entire file itself.
Please try this and let me know if it yields the result you would like.
If the search times out again this should be remedied with improvements in Sourcegraph post 3.39.0 as per the mentioned GitHub issue.
By my records here it shows that you are still on version 3.36.2 correct? If so, I recommend an upgrade. @roee.zolantz

### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created
​
​

<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 10930.md -->
