​
# Code Insights Search Context (JSON Config) Filter Question <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->
​
- Zendesk Link: [#11054](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/11054)
- Application engineer: Alex Jean-Baptiste
- Customer: Ncino <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: September 14, 2022

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: ​
- Deployment:
- External Services:
- Auth Providers:


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C03UUH37SBG/p1663180825840459
- GitHub Issue Link: N/A
- Doc Update Link: N/A
​
## Summary
### Customer Question
​
Hi! So, the @@product-security and I have created some query contexts for the various groups at nCino (one for our product engineering repositories vs support engineering repositories, for example). Unfortunately, we cannot create Insights using these contexts, the only options seem to be:
• Entering a comma-delimited list of repositories
• Running the Insight on all repositories
So, I went ahead and wrote a script to build out a comma-delimited list in the same way we created our JSON contexts. This comma-delimited list contains 373 repositories, and it seems that may be causing an issue — not sure whether it’s a bug with Sourcegraph or an issue with our server, but the screenshot shows what I’m running into. I can’t get any meaningful error output in the console. Any guidance on how to proceed?

### Application Engineer Answer
​
​Thanks for the latest information that you provided. I wasn’t quite sure how you were generating the repo query initially and how that might be affecting the filtering of the insight.
After looking more closely we do not currently support what you are attempting.
Context based Code Insights filters only currently work on query-based search contexts and not search contexts generated by JSON based configuration in the way that you are showing in the attached screenshot.
You can only use this functionality at the current moment with a query based context in the following syntactical form: repo :(^github\.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph$|^github\.com/sourcegraph/about$...

​
​
### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created
https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_insights/explanations/code_insights_filters#context-query-based-search-context-filters
​
<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 11054.md -->
