
# Open sourcegraph link doesn't work in Jet Brains Gateway <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#11119](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/11119)
- Application engineer: Michael Bali
- Customer: <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: September 19, 2022

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: ​
- Deployment:
- External Services:
- Auth Providers:


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links:
- GitHub Issue Link:
- Doc Update Link:

## Summary
### Description of Customer Issue


A user who uses the following config
- OS: MacOS 12.6
- IDE: JetBrains Client 2022.2.1 (JetBrains Gateway)
- Plugin: 2.0.1

However, Only one option `"Search selection on source graph web"` opens a page in the browser. All other options give him an error `"Your IDE doesn't support JCEF. You won't be able to use "Find with Sourcegraph". If you believe this is an error, please raise this at support@sourcegraph.com, specifying your OS and IDE version.".` Previously, He was using 1.2.1 and there was an option `"Open file"` which was simply opening the same file on Source Graph.


### Troubleshooting Steps

I’ll need a bit of clarification.
We have the `“Find in Sourcegraph”` feature that’s new in 2.0 and uses an internal browser, and this can throw the `“Your IDE doesn’t support JCEF….”` error if you have some missing library or something.
We have the `“Search Selection…”` and `“Open selection…”` items that open an external browser, and that were already available in 1.2.1. These items should not throw the `“Your IDE doesn’t support JCEF….”` error.

So, my question is: which menu item are they trying to use? #1, or one of the ones in group #2?


### Resolution
"Open Selection in Sourcegraph Web" works without any changes. Somehow the user missed that.

### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created

### Relevant Error / Logs
<!-- Please redact keys, tokens, and personal identifying information -->
`"Your IDE doesn't support JCEF. You won't be able to use "Find with Sourcegraph". If you believe this is an error, please raise this at support@sourcegraph.com, specifying your OS and IDE version.".`

<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 11119.md -->
