
# Hey team! QQ: is it possible to switch git blame UI to the old way? <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#11691](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/11691)
- Application engineer: Michael Bali
- Customer: Glovo <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: October 13, 2022

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.34.1​
- Deployment: docker-compose
- External Services: GITHUB
- Auth Providers: github


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C01NDS6BVBQ/p1665742764488869
- GitHub Issue Link: N/A
- Doc Update Link: N/A

## Summary
### Customer Question

is it possible to switch the Sourcegraph UI to the previous version? I loved how git blame was shown before the update?

I think before the UI change the git blame annotations appeared once you clicked on a line of code, and were displayed on top of said line.
I also got really used to having the search filters on the left. Is this configurable?

### Application Engineer Answer
The git blame prior to the new update did not support clicking on the line to trigger blame, instead you had to click on the git blame icon in the extensions toolbar in order to toggle on/off blame on your code! The new UI has not changed this behavior. 
It may be that you’re thinking of our “single line” blame mode. The old blame supported three states: off, blame on all lines, and blame on a single line. If you had the blame extension enabled and clicked around to different lines, it maybe have given off the impression that blame was “triggering” on line click

unfortunately, the sidebar position it’s not configurable for now. But we’re collecting feedback on making our UI more customizable.

### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created

<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 11691.md -->
