​
# Apple: How to disable Min.io in an existing overlays <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#12193](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/12193)
- Application engineer: Alex Jean-Baptiste
- Customer: Apple <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: November 28, 2022

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.42.2​
- Deployment: Kubernetes
- External Services: OTHER
- Auth Providers: saml


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C01NKL6V7E2/p1669660158181099
- GitHub Issue Link:
 - Doc Update Link:

## Summary
### Customer Question
We are trying to bring up the server using our previous overlays, because there are many customized configurations needed. May I ask how should we get the Min.io disabled? Thanks!
​
### Application Engineer Answer
​
​Got it. Thanks for the additional context! Directly modifying the files in generated-cluster  to remove any min.io related settings would be the next step in order to disable minio without Helm. I did a search to find any mentions of minio in the default config files of our Sourcegraph deployment repo and all of it seems contained to the base/minio folder. So removing all references of the files that are referenced in that folder that exist within generated-cluster should get rid of MinIO.Then setting the required environment variables for replacing the storage bucket that Sourcegraph is expecting will allow you to use Sourcegraph without MinIO.
​
​You do not and should not remove the base/minio directory from the deploy-sourcegraph repo.What you have to do is remove any manifests that create k8s resources related to minio that reside in the generated-cluster directory.At the present moment you should see manifests for three resources related to minio
A Deployment (minio.Deployment.yaml)
A Service (minio.Service.yaml)
A Persistent Volume Claim (minio.PersistentVolumeClaim.yaml)


### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created

<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 12193.md -->
