
# How to view and copy large files without downloading <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#12239](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/12239)
- Application engineer: Michael Bali
- Customer: Salesforce.com <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: December 2, 2022

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.17.2​
- Deployment: single docker
- External Services:
- Auth Providers: builtin


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C01P4R0RZH9/p1669942083690189
- GitHub Issue Link: N/A
- Doc Update Link: N/A

## Summary
### Customer Question
in OpenGrok, I can click a button to switch to "raw" view. This is great for viewing very large files, and it also lets me select and copy-paste without getting weird formatting stuff. (And at least in Chrome, in Sourcegraph, just trying to select small blocks of text in a large file is almost impossibly slow.)

It would be great to have the same functionality in SourceGraph. I don't want to download the file and view it in an editor and then have to remember to clean it up later. I just want to see the file without all the expensive fluff.

### Application Engineer Answer

- While this is certainly an area we are looking to improve on. A workaround that you can use here is to click the `view this file on GitHub` the icon in the action panel (see screenshot below), that way you can open it and view it raw on GitHub.
- Another workaround is to right-click on the “Raw (download file)” button and then click the “open in new tab” chrome/firefox link.  that should open it up in a new tab rather than download it.

### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created

<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 12239.md -->
