

# How could I find unpublished batch changes <!-- Title can be a Brief Description of the issue. include keywords that are relevant to make it easily searchable -->



- Zendesk Link: [#3961](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/3961)

- CSE: Michael Bali

- Customer: Indeed <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->


<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->

<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->



## Technical Environment

- Version: 3.30.4​

- Deployment: kubernetes

- External Services: GITLAB

- Auth Providers: builtin,saml





## Links
<!-- Data for CSE manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C01EDKVG9J5/p1634731632023100

- GitHub Issue Link: N/A

- Doc Update Link: N/A



## Summary

### Description of Customer Issue

- Customer ssh into a remote machine to run a batch change and now can't see the URL for the batch change preview.
- Batch Changes take longer hours
- The customer wants to know if src-cli preserves logs for later.
- can we use the GitLab native webhooks to update both Changesets and Repo commits, instead of having to set up two?

### Troubleshooting Steps

- you can use tmux to have a persistent remote session, then when you lose connection, you can just connect the ssh then run tmux attach and get back to the session.
- Please do you have webhook configured on your instance? Using webhooks is highly recommended when using batch changes since they speed up the syncing of pull request data between GitHub and Sourcegraph and make it more efficient.

### Resolution

- To make batch changes process faster, Using webhooks is highly recommended.
- the sourcegraph-cli can output the logs to a file so that this be can checked later.For example: src batch preview -f <name>.yaml -keep-logs. These logs are stored in the /tmp folder and you can view the logs.
- At the moment you would have to set up two different processes. The GitLab native webhook is repo-specific.  There is certainly room for improvements with this and it would only get better eventually.



### Relevant Error / Logs

<!-- Please redact keys, tokens, and personal identifying information -->

None


<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 3961.md -->
