

# Repository not syncing <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->



- Zendesk Link: [#4465](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/4465)

- Application engineer: Michael Bali

- Customer: Atlassian <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->

- Date: Nov 7, 2021


<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->

<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->



## Technical Environment

- Version: ​N/A

- Deployment: Kubernetes

- External Services: GITHUB,GITLAB,OTHER

- Auth Providers: builtin,github





## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C0183JV3Q0Y/p1636349902006200

- GitHub Issue Link: n/A

- Doc Update Link: n/A



## Summary

### Description of Customer Issue
The Sourcegraph instance was returning zero results in a repo that was modified in the last 3 months.



### Troubleshooting Steps

- if these changes were made within the last 3 months then I suspect the repo isn't updated and this is why searching this is probably returning 0 results.This repo can be manually refreshed by

  - Clicking Repository Status
  - search the repo name
  - Click on the setting button
  - Click on the ```refresh now``` button in the mirroring tab to update the repo.

- I would also like to request for ```repo-updater``` logs. We can get useful related error messages from there.
- I noticed some results were excluded. I want you to run the search again this time to enable ```archived```, ```fork``` and ```count```.
- exec into ```gitserver``` and check if this repo exists in ```/data/repos```. I am pretty much sure it should be there, when you find it, delete and re-clone via git clone and retry.
- I also want to confirm if ```jsm-incident-timeline-phase-2_yes76``` lives in a different branch (because only the main branch is indexed)?

For more context to my second question, I did a search on a repo with two different branches. I have ```test-this-timeline_test001``` in the default branch and it shows up in my search result. I have ```test-this-timeline_test002``` in a non-default branch and it doesn’t show up in my search result until I added the name of the non-default branch. So I was wondering if this might be the case.





### Resolution

The customer upgraded their sourcegraph instance and this seems to have resolved their issue. They confirmed everything works fine now.



### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created

N/A



### Relevant Error / Logs

<!-- Please redact keys, tokens, and personal identifying information -->

N/A


<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 4465.md -->
