

# GitHub Repos stuck in cloning state <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->



- Zendesk Link: [#4745](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/4745)

- Application engineer: Michael Bali

- Customer: Logitech <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->

- Date: Nov 24, 2021


<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->

<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->



## Technical Environment

- Version: ​N/A

- Deployment: N/A

- External Services: N/A

- Auth Providers: N/A





## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C021P0GSNUW/p1637802896002000

- GitHub Issue Link: N/A

- Doc Update Link: N/A



## Summary

### Description of Customer Issue

The customer can see repositories cloning continuously, more like repos getting stuck in the cloning state.


### Troubleshooting Steps
- I initially thought, this was happening as a result of them recently adding repos to Sourcegraph. I felt this may be slow. Sourcegraph would clone/create a copy of repos in your code host to make it searchable on sourcegraph and probably the reason why this happens regularly is its cloning new repos added. Apparently, that wasn't the case.

- Asked him to check that the repo status page just to be sure SG is only cloning repos they want and ye they confirmed that.

- Looking at the screenshots I see a lotof spikes which means the sourcegraph volume was getting maxed out.



### Resolution
- The customer added extra volumes to their sourcegraph instance. This appears to have resolved the issue.  (The continuous cloning and repos being deleted due to disk pressure has come to a dead stop.)

- there is a way to control the polling frequency in the site config, using the repoListUpdateInterval

// Interval (in minutes) for checking code hosts (such as GitHub, Gitolite, etc.) for new repositories.
 "repoListUpdateInterval": 1,




### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created

- https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/config/site_config#repoListUpdateInterval




### Relevant Error / Logs

<!-- Please redact keys, tokens, and personal identifying information -->

None


<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 4745.md -->
