# New Slack message in support-segment: Batch Changes: configuring rate, global service account token, feature requests for automatic batch change rates
 
- Zendesk Link: [#5713](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/5713)
- Application engineer: Riana Shahid
- Customer: Segment.io Inc 
- Date: Jan 21
 
 
## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.34.2
- Deployment: kubernetes
- External Services: GITHUB
- Auth Providers: openidconnect
 
 
## Links

- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/CKMSNT9C0/p1642781904003300
- GitHub Issue Link: n/a
- Doc Update Link: n/a
 
## Summary
 
### Customer Question
 
Customer's initial message was regarding a `fatal: could not read Password` error but resolved that themselves by creating a new personal access token before I had the chance to respond. After this, they ran into an error from hitting github's rate limit when running batch changes. Customer also wanted to know if they can run batch changes under a service account to track everything in one place. Lastly, they expressed frustration about needing to set their own batch change rates when there is a limit from github. They requested an exponential backoff and retry feature (I think similar to how gmail tries to reconnect to the internet in event of disconnection). 

### Application Engineer Answer
 
I directed the customer to our doc page on how to set batch change rates. Their site admin stepped in to make those updates. I also let them know that they can set up a service account but would have to have their admin set it up with a global token (also sent them a page in the docs about this). For their feature request, I let them know I would bring this to the attention of our team (their CE). 
 
### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created
 
[batch change rates](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/config/batch_changes#rate)
<br />
[global service account token](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/batch_changes/how-tos/configuring_credentials#global-service-account-tokens)
