
# Roblox Export Question <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#5851](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/5851)
- Application engineer: Alex Jean-Baptiste
- Customer: Roblox Corporation <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: Jan 27

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.35.1​
- Deployment: docker-compose
- External Services: GITHUB
- Auth Providers: github,github


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C01MX8ATDNY/p1643309142009500
- GitHub Issue Link: N/A
- Doc Update Link: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/30506

## Summary
### Customer Question

Hey Sourcegraph team, I have a question about the Sourcegraph export results button. I have a query that has 137 results. But, when I click export results and download the CSV, the result only has 30 entries. Is there a way to get all the results in the same CSV?


### Application Engineer Answer

Can you try adding the following filter at the end of your search? I was able to get an exhaustive result list when exporting when adding this filter.
count:all The full query looks as follows:

[CONTEXT FOR QUERY] file:global.json count:all 
To explain this behavior, here is the following:

As you can see here or export extension queries the internal Sourcegraph GraphQL API. 

That API accesses a data store that allows one to access previously performed searches, however, Sourcegraph stores only a limited amount of matches (30) by default for the SearchResult datatype to conserve time and space. 

What adding the count:all attribute does is force Sourcegraph to explicitly perform an exhaustive search that is then saved with all of the actual matches as an SearchResult object in the database. Then the search export code is able to query the SearchResult object with all of the matches that you see in the UI. Please let me know if this works for you makes sense :simple_smile:


### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created
https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/30506


<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 5851.md -->
