
# Download files from sourcegraph using a CURL <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#5961](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/5961)
- Application engineer: Giselle Northy
- Customer: Nutanix, Inc. <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: Feb 1

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.34.2​
- Deployment: kubernetes
- External Services: GITHUB,OTHER
- Auth Providers: builtin,saml


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/CTJCMDCCS/p1643748211731949
- GitHub Issue Link:
- Doc Update Link:

## Summary
### Customer Question

Would like to fetch files from gerrit repo onto our test framework - Is there a way to download a file or folder using a sourcegraph link?

### Application Engineer Answer

it sounds like he just wants to download the file itself? if so, he can simply use curl to download using the URL format from the link that you provided in the thread. Here’s an example:
 
https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/apache/hadoop/-/raw/hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-ya[…]pache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/rmapp/RMAppImpl.java
 
notice the /raw/ path in there. (I got that URL simply by copying the URL from the browser window after clicking on the raw download link - it’s a standard URL format)
 
The only caveat is that they use Okta/SSO for authentication. So, he’ll need to pass the appropriate headers. I haven’t tested this, but you should be able to use the Okta API to get a session token. And, then pass that using -H .
 
If he needs to run a query first and then download files from the results, he of course can use the src-cli for that. In that case, he would use src-cli to find the matches and grab the file from the results, then pass that to curl

### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created

<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 5961.md -->
