
# red ventures repo sync issue <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#6071](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/6071)
- Application engineer: Kelvin Lee
- Customer: Red Ventures <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: Feb 7

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.36.2​
- Deployment: docker-compose
- External Services: GITHUB
- Auth Providers: builtin,github


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links:
- GitHub Issue Link:
- Doc Update Link:

## Summary
### Description of Customer Issue
Repos weren't syncing. This was a managed instance, FYI.

### Troubleshooting Steps
Checked the usual suspect logs: sourcegraph-frontend-*, repo-updater, gitserver...

Checked their site-config, did a bit of JSON-format linting (removing commas that had nothing coming after them), and also added an email.address to remove some of the noise in the logs that had surfaced.

Ultimately, the steps I took didn't do much, and I had actually been looking at their 2nd, healthy instance, instead of the one they had asked about (oops). But the ^above are still decent spots to start. Can also check "Monitoring" tab in Site-Admin and poke around in there.

### Resolution
Crystal had done some work, but I neglected to get details of exactly what she had done...:

> Side note - I implemented a change to the infrastructure that may actually resolve some (all?) of the timeout issues they were seeing. The monitoring so far looks much, much better - Crystal

But it seemed to have solved the issue. Yay!

### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created

### Relevant Error / Logs
<!-- Please redact keys, tokens, and personal identifying information -->


<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 6071.md -->
