
# New Slack message in support-citrix <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#6167](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/6167)
- Application engineer: Stomzy Mwendwa
- Customer: Citrix <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: Feb 9

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.35.1​
- Deployment: docker-compose
- External Services: BITBUCKETSERVER
- Auth Providers: saml


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/CT9P97S6L/p1644483874372729 
- GitHub Issue Link:
- Doc Update Link:

## Summary
### Customer Question
We are trying to add github as an external code source, but we are avoiding to use PAT for authentication, if there any way to link to github using some ways other than PAT, something like GitHub app?
### Application Engineer Answer
Some positive information concerning GitHub Apps here:
Support for auth through GitHub Apps is on our roadmap! With the current status, estimates have this landing in the latter half of our Q2 (May-July '22).
I understand that GitHub OAuth is less desirable than GitHub Apps because with GH Apps you can provide more granular permissions hence the reason the team are looking at moving towards this direction. Of the top of my mind, I think it'll be available on Sourcegraph.com first and then rollout to on-premise instances.
Regarding githubAppInstallationID , this was introduced pretty recently and as per what I was able to garner, this doesn't provide persistent access tokens like PATs or GitHub OAuth. Therefore, the installation ID will be saved in the code host connection and has to be exchanged at runtime with a fixed lifetime of an hour.
Unfortunately, repo syncing and additional processes will not work as expected and this is currently being tacked separately.
I know this may not be the news you were expecting :sweat_smile: but do assure you that there is a push towards GitHub Apps over GH OAuth and PATs.

Some progress towards GH Apps just to keep you posted. Triggering OAuth flow for creating personal code host connections through GitHub App is almost close to completion here: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/30835

### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created
