
# How to combine features of change comparison & search capabilities <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#6578](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/6578)
- Application engineer: Michael Bali
- Customer: Avito <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: Mar 1

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: ​N/A 
- Deployment: N/A
- External Services: N/A
- Auth Providers: N/A


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C02VC14H5EU/p1646203652993289
- GitHub Issue Link: N/A
- Doc Update Link: N/A

## Summary
### Customer Question
- My understanding here is the customer is trying to compare multiple revisions while searching.

- Are there any quick methods to translate revs provided by the Sourcegraph chrome plugin (which leads to `Compare changes across revisions` feature by default as in the screenshot above) to search params as your provided (like `repo:github.com/myteam/abc rev:v1.7.4:v1.4.0 testint.T`) or it should be done each time manually by copy+paste?

### Application Engineer Answer
- Question1: To search multiple revisions other than the default branch, you need to specify the revisions by either appending them to the repo: filter or by listing them separately with the rev: filter. 
For instance,
`repo:github.com/myteam/abc rev:v1.7.4:v1.4.0 testint.T`
notice the `:` is the to separate the multiple revisions. Examples of how to search multiple revisions can be found here. You can use the `-file:regexp-pattern` to exclude results from files whose full path matches the regexp. You can also use the `-content:"pattern”` to Exclude results from files whose content matches the pattern but this is not supported for structural search. Example use cases can be found in this [documentation](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/@v3.34.2/code_search/reference/queries).

- Question2: 
     * One is to use search contexts. 
     * The second options is to use search snippets.


### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created
- https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_search/how-to/search_contexts
- https://docs.sourcegraph.com/@v3.34.2/code_search/reference/queries

<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 6578.md -->
