# GitHub OAuth permission scope concerns <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->
 
- Zendesk Link: [#6864](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/6864)
- Application engineer: Quinlan Sparks
- Customer: AppFolio <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: Mar 14

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->
 
## Technical Environment
- Version: 
- Deployment:
- External Services:
- Auth Providers:
 
 
## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C02JCB0TM26/p1647046468744749 
- GitHub Issue Link:
- Doc Update Link:
 
## Summary
### Customer Question
A developer has reached out to me concerned about the OAuth scopes requested when signing in with GitHub. He's uncomfortable with allowing read and write access to his private repos. Knowing how GitHub authorization works, in order to grant access to read/write AppFolio's repos through this OAuth connection (or any org for that matter), he would have to further sign into the org through our Okta portal. However, the scopes requested seem to explicitly allow access to his own personal private repos. My gut tells me maybe this is a side-effect of allowing batch modifications? How do we ensure/communicate that his personal projects are left alone?


### Application Engineer Answer
This case was largely addressed by the customer's CE, who has a much firmer grasp on how Sourcegraph interacts with GitHub OAuth than I did when I took this case. The bulk of my direct input was providing information about the exclude list, which could be used to absolutely guarantee that no personal, private code is being indexed by Sourcegraph if anyone on the team feels a desire for that extra assurance.
 
### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created
https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service/github#exclude

<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 6864.md -->
