# New Slack message in support-dropbox cloning in progress<!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->
 
- Zendesk Link: [#6954](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/6954)
- Application engineer: Quinlan Sparks
- Customer: Dropbox <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: Mar 17

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->
 
## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.36.2
- Deployment: docker-compose
- External Services: GITHUB,OTHER
- Auth Providers: saml
 
 
## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C015JREMBTR/p1647529064956649 
- GitHub Issue Link:
- Doc Update Link:
 
## Summary
### Customer Question
Customer reported a sudden increase of users encountering Cloning in Progress while attempting to search their large monorepo, and wanted to know what caused it.

### Application Engineer Answer
We explored a number of possibilities, starting with checking on disk space and RAM, but the customer reported that everything on that front seemed fine. Digging into the logs unearthed a surprising number of auth issues, which the customer expects is tied to their recent move from GitHub to GitHub Enterprise. This would certainly lead to cloning errors, which would in turn lead to an increase in attempts to sync, which could explain the behavior in question - except for the fact that 99% percent of their searches are for their monorepo, which the customer said shouldn't be affected by that.

I also shared information about the gitLongCommandTimeout, in case the problem is coming from the monorepo just taking longer than the default one hour to clone. The customer thought this seemed unlikely, and decided not to pursue it.

The customer eventually decided they were okay with letting this be for now, and will raise the issue again if they are able to gather more details on their end. They also decided to upgrade, so there's always a chance that the performance improvements targeted specifically at monorepos in 3.37 and 3.38 will resolve the underlying problem, despite us not being able to pin it down.
 
### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created
https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/install/resource_estimator
https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/config/site_config#gitLongCommandTimeout

<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 6954.md -->
