
# Is there a way to manually open first search result <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#7216](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/7216)
- Application engineer: Jason Harris
- Customer: Netflix <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: Mar 28

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.37.0​
- Deployment: pure-docker
- External Services: BITBUCKETSERVER
- Auth Providers: http-header


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://netflix.slack.com/archives/CHKL4G5PG/p1648500409402969 
- GitHub Issue Link: n/a
- Doc Update Link: n/a

## Summary
### Customer Question
Hi team, we use sourcegraph to link out to code for common components offered by our library. We do this pretty simply by just hand crafting the search query URL by adding the ?q=JavaClassFileName like ("https://sourcegraph.netflix.net/search?q=TagIDFVectorIndexerDataTransformDef.java").
This has worked for a long time, but it makes our users have to do an additional manual click on the first result of the search result. Is there any API (or a way to craft a query), to directly open the first result returned by the search query? I went through the docs but couldn't find anything specific.

### Application Engineer Answer
Use a graphQL query in the gql console that returns a list of their files. From there, you can insert the file paths into a blog view URL like this:

https://sourcegraph.netflix.net/stash.corp.netflix.com/AE/algo-commons/-/blob/<FILE_PATH>

For future reference, another way to solve this issue would be to create a notebook using symbols. I did not take this approach here because notebooks have not been tested to the capacity that netflix would need (1500+ components). This could be a great way to solve this issue in the future though.

### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created

<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 7216.md -->
