
# Index "Private" Gitlab Repos with Access Control <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#7326](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/7326)
- Application engineer: Michael Bali
- Customer: Citadel LLC <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: Apr 4

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: ​N/A
- Deployment: N/A
- External Services: N/A
- Auth Providers: N/A


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: N/A
- GitHub Issue Link: N/A
- Doc Update Link: N/A

## Summary
### Customer Question
- Documentation on how to configure Gitlab permission
- The customer uses SAML for user authentication and would like to know If I adding Oauth for repo permissions will work OK together?
- if we configure the OAuth as you recommend, will we need to do anything else to get Sourcegraph to index GitLab repos that are “Private”?

### Application Engineer Answer

- I shared a [documentation](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/repo/permissions#gitlab) that explains in detail how Gitlab permissions can be configured in different ways.
- We recommend using Oauth for Gitlab repo permissions. Using a GitLab administrator (sudo-level) personal access token in conjunction with another SSO provider is recommended only if the first option is not possible. I believe they should work OK together.
- I am certain everything should work configurations are done right. The only thing I  would like to point out is,  We require the `api `scope in your access token as stated in the documentation to allow access to private repos, if you remove that scope users will only be able to see public repos.


### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created
- https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/repo/permissions#gitlab
<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 7326.md -->
