
# Questions about Find References <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#7327](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/7327)
- Application engineer: Michael Bali
- Customer: Dealhub <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: Apr 4

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: ​N/A
- Deployment: N/A
- External Services: N/A
- Auth Providers: N/A


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C03A9EFHDNU/p1649078905176679
- GitHub Issue Link: N/A
- Doc Update Link: N/A

## Summary
### Customer Question
1.  How do I see more lines in the Find Reference pane preview?
2. How do I Navigate between the options while keeping the "References view" open. Now, whenever I click on a line it replaces the whole page with that file.

### Application Engineer Answer
- When you click on a function to "Find References" it gives a preview of different files where that particular function is being referenced.
- To answer your first question, at the moment it's not possible to tweak the reference preview to show more lines as it gives a preview of each reference per file. However, what you can customize in the site config is the default number of [lines](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/config/settings#search-contextLines) to show as context below and above search results. Default is 1. If you run a search on Sourcegraph.
- In question 2, This preview can be `grouped by file` to get a general sense of where this functions are referenced. Clicking on the preview takes you to the code line location of the function in that file. I recommend you group by file to help stay in the flow of things.

### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created
https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/config/settings#search-contextLines
<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 7327.md -->
