
# Updating an already published batch change spec results in new commits being force pushed #817


- Zendesk Link: [#7535](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/7535)
- Application engineer: Giselle Northy
- Customer: Roblox Corporation <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: Apr 7

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.37.0​
- Deployment: docker-compose
- External Services: GITHUB
- Auth Providers: github,github


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links:
- GitHub Issue Link:
- Doc Update Link:

## Summary
### Description of Customer Issue

Hey I noticed when updating an already published batch change spec it results in the new commits being force pushed. I'm fine with this if the batch change was the one that created the commit, but it also nuked the manually changes to the Pull Request. Is there a way that we can get sourcegraph batch change to simply fail in that case? Or can it attempt a merge commit? Thank you!

### Troubleshooting Steps

I read through how Batch changes works and reasoned that this is expected behavior based on the page:

> I spent a bit of time, just wanted to ensure this was expected behavior as I understood it. According to our docs here,
When the changesetTemplate.branch is changed after the changeset has been published on the code host, the existing changeset will be closed on the code host and new one, with the new branch, will be created.
So I think we’re safe to say that what you observed is how it’s working currently.

https://docs.sourcegraph.com/batch_changes/how-tos/updating_a_batch_change#how-batch-change-updates-are-processed

### Resolution

This is a Feature request.

I spoke with the Batch changes team and they agreed that this area of the product could use some improvement, so I’m happy to share that they filed an issue here. :tada: Regarding a work around, we don’t really have one at this time, but the hope is that as we improve this part of the product, the team will find a solution that works for this use case. Thank you for bringing this to our attention as this helps us improve the product, and have a great weekend!

### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created

https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/33664
https://github.com/sourcegraph/customer/issues/817

### Relevant Error / Logs
<!-- Please redact keys, tokens, and personal identifying information -->


<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 7535.md -->
