# Re: New Slack message in support-reddit-sourcegraph <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->
 
- Zendesk Link: [#7742](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/7742)
- Application engineer: Quinlan Sparks
- Customer: Reddit <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: Apr 20

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->
 
## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.36.2
- Deployment: kubernetes
- External Services: GITHUB
- Auth Providers: builtin,github
 
 
## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C02BJ8T258D/p1650300870007219?thread_ts=1649437292.245579&cid=C02BJ8T258D
- GitHub Issue Link:
- Doc Update Link:
 
## Summary
### Customer Question
> It looks like I can get a list of all files that are skipped using this command:
>
> `src search --stream --json "context:reddit select:file ^NOT-INDEXED: patternType:regexp count:all"`
>
> Can you confirm?

 
> Can you also confirm whether having an indexer like lsif-go bypasses these limitations for the files it indexes?


### Application Engineer Answer
I was able to immediately confirm that the command provided in the first followup question should return all unindexed files within the included context.

The second question took a little more work to find a definitive answer to. My gut response was that LSIF data, being related to a completely separate service, would have no impact on whether or not large files were searchable. The customer brought up the context of symbol search, though, which straddles the line between search and precise code intelligence just enough that I thought it was worth confirming firsthand.

I set up a dummy repo with two large, identical Go files, only one of which I included in `search.largeFiles`. I generated and uploaded LSIF data for the repo, and was able to confirm my initial hunch: an LSIF upload does not make large files searchable. The only way to guarantee large files are searchable is to include them explicitly or through glob patterning in the large file search configuration.
 
### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created

<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 7742.md -->
