
# New Slack message in support-tinder-sourcegraph <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#8021](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/8021)
- Application engineer: Riana Shahid
- Customer: Tinder <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: May 5

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.37.0​
- Deployment: docker-compose
- External Services: GITHUB
- Auth Providers: builtin,saml


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C01574FJV35/p1651764287176459 , https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C01HW836940/p1651768120239239, https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C01JR51JR5J/p1652282458193989
- GitHub Issue Link: n/a
- Doc Update Link: n/a

## Summary
### Customer Question
Our team has set up a few code monitors and I was wondering if it was possible to configure these on a team level? Currently if I set one up, I'm the only one on my team who is able to view/edit it. We'd like our team of 5 to all be able to see/edit these monitors and receive alerts on them.
### Application Engineer Answer
currently not possible, workaround provided:

>It’s still a no on team code monitors but we have a workaround that may help. Our team has been working on slack and webhook integrations, giving you more options for where to send notifications (instead of just the primary email address associated with your account). If you have a slack group for your team, you can configure code monitors to send messages there.
This doesn’t let multiple people edit the same code monitor, but you would effectively be able to have multiple people viewing and receiving alerts on them.

>A possible workaround would be to create another user account and share the login credentials with your team members. Then you can all use this account to create code monitors. Combine this with my earlier suggestion of sending alerts to your slack channel and then your whole team will be able to view/edit and get alerts on your code monitors.

### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created
https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_monitoring/how-tos/slack

<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 8021.md -->
