
# successfully created insight is running into git command error <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#8182](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/8182)
- Application engineer: Kelvin Lee
- Customer: Tinder <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: May 12, 2022

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.37.0​
- Deployment: docker-compose
- External Services: GITHUB
- Auth Providers: builtin,saml


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: [Slack](https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C01574FJV35/p1652380934639189)
- GitHub Issue Link: [GitHub Issue Filed as response to this ticket](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/35450)
- Doc Update Link: None

## Summary
### Description of Customer Issue
Getting the following error when checking out a dashboard for a set of insights:

`ExpandCaptureGroupSeriesJustInTime for seriesiD: 294mWsUfPLq0CPACn7QoAQjsLIJ: CaptureGroupExecutor.Execute: FirstEverCommit: git command [rev-list --reverse --date-order --max-parents=0 HEAD] failed (output: ""): exit status 129 `

### Troubleshooting Steps

TLDR: Empty repositories (0 commits) are not handled in an insight.

Process:
I combed through their logs. I think `repo-updater`, specifically? I forget 😬 But I searched for `git command [rev-list --reverse --date-order --max-parents=0 HEAD]`, or some sub-string of it.

One of the errors that included both (a) the aforementioned `git command...` search-term and (b) one of the repos mentioned for the dashboard, was an empty repo. I believe I was able to get a hint that this repo was empty by using search-contexts (I think search contexts reported that it didn't have a `main` branch, or something), but ultimately, the customer had confirmed that the repo was empty.

Turns out this is semi-expected... Insights don't handle completely empty repositories (0 commits). However, the UI is not consistent between Insight types. This is best illustrated by the filed [GitHub issue](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/35450).

### Resolution
Public issue filed. Customer satisfied. Empty repository removed from their Insight.

### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created
None

### Relevant Error / Logs
<!-- Please redact keys, tokens, and personal identifying information -->
This was the exact one that Tinder had:

- `ExpandCaptureGroupSeriesJustInTime for seriesiD: 294mWsUfPLq0CPACn7QoAQjsLIJ: CaptureGroupExecutor.Execute: FirstEverCommit: git command [rev-list --reverse --date-order --max-parents=0 HEAD] failed (output: ""): exit status 129 `, as reported in the insights dashboard view.

Other examples will include:

- "Data for these repositories not found", as reported in the insights dashboard view.

- `FirstEverCommit: git command [rev-list --reverse --date-order --max-parents=0 HEAD] failed (output: ""): exit status 129 `, as reported in the insights dashboard view.


<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 8182.md -->
