​
What is the meaning of Check State and Review State for Batch Changes? <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#8268](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/8268)
- Application engineer: Alex Jean-Baptiste
- Customer: Pandora Media, Inc. <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: May 17

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: ​3.34.0
- Deployment: Nomad (POC) / Analogous to Kubernetes
- External Services: BitBucket Server 
- Auth Providers: OneLogin


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C02QXK6PKMX/p1652811460135999
- GitHub Issue Link: N/A
- Doc Update Link: N/A

## Summary
### Customer Question
​
​Hi sourcegraph party! I'm poking around with batch changes, and have a question:
what is meant by 'check state' and 'review state'

### Application Engineer Answer
​
​Here’s your answer @gmichalec!

The Check State is referring to the status of the changeset in regards to any continuous integration you might have setup in connection to your code host.

The use case here being you run a CI build on a repo whenever a changeset (pull request) is submitted. Sourcegraph will actually tell you from the Batch Changes UI the status of that CI build.

The Review State is after the changeset has been successfully published in the case of a passing CI build (in the case of no CI build being present then an automatic publish). The Sourcegraph UI is saying “has this changeset been approved, denied, or pending review).

Essentially those two UI elements act as a proxy for the code host UI elements that give the same information. Including them in the Sourcegraph UI allows you to not have to go back and forth between Sourcegraph and your code host.

Let me know if you need any further explanation or if something is not clear. :simple_smile:

### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created

https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph@main/-/blob/cmd/frontend/graphqlbackend/batches.graphql?L473

https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph@main/-/blob/cmd/frontend/graphqlbackend/batches.graphql?L492:5

​
<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 8268.md -->
