# New message in support-booking <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#8676](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/8676)
- Application engineer: Stomzy Mwendwa
- Customer: Booking.com <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: June 2, 2022

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.37.0​
- Deployment: kubernetes
- External Services: GITLAB
- Auth Providers: gitlab


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C024D1ESXUH/p1654170519113609 
- GitHub Issue Link:N/A
- Doc Update Link: N/A

## Summary
### Description of Customer Issue
We had another incident where our main monorepo was recloned yesterday afternoon. This is the second time now :thinking_face: Sadly our logging storage has a max size restriction on the message fields and the gitserver logs are rotated already on the node.
Looks very similar to the last time where git was running out of memory on the node.
### Troubleshooting Steps
https://github.com/sourcegraph/customer/issues/876 
### Resolution
The problem here is with the git garbage collector which is, in an oversimplified way, making the monorepo seem corrupt due to the gc.log files present in .git
We'd want to prevent this from happening by setting git config gc.auto 0to core/main 's git config.
What we're doing here is to temporarily disable garbage collection on git fetches for the monorepo. We've observed that possible cause for this occurrence is, git fetches call git gc in the background. When these fail, it then places a gc.log file in .git. Our janitor job picks up the gc.log file(which it interprets as the repo looking like it's corrupt - which isn't the case) and this triggers a reclone.
So this workaround should stabilize things until the fix is out. 
### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created

### Relevant Error / Logs
<!-- Please redact keys, tokens, and personal identifying information -->
