
# The user cannot share an insight dashboard with the team <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#9094](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/9094)
- Application engineer: Michael Bali
- Customer: Atlassian <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: June 16, 2022

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.34.2​
- Deployment: kubernetes
- External Services: BITBUCKETCLOUD,BITBUCKETSERVER,GITHUB
- Auth Providers: saml


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C0183JV3Q0Y/p1655425172764489
- GitHub Issue Link: N/A
- Doc Update Link: N/A

## Summary
### Description of Customer Issue
Is it possible add people to an "Organization" created in our Atlassian installation of Sourcegraph?
I created one via the UI, can see its settings all fine, but I don't think I can invite any of my teammates?
The UI has an option to invite and says this when I use it, but despite the message they haven't received anything, nor they can access the dashboard I am intending to share with them.
Any clues?
### Troubleshooting Steps
- checked to find out if they have their SG instance is configured to send email.

### Resolution
The admin confirming that this isn't configured. This explains the problem they are encountering. 
We also have a detailed [doc](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/config/email) on configuring sourcegraph to send emails using an SMTP server of your choose.

Asked the admin to do the following as an admin:

- Add people to the organisation created manually on the organisation page until email is configured.

To unblock your ability to share insights, you can do one of a few things:

1. You can ask your site admin to:
- Create a global dashboard (admins should be able to create global dashboards) that you can then add insights to
- Add people to the organisation manually on the organisation page until email is configured
- A possible easier solution for your admin is just have them add [everyone on the instance to this org](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/organizations), effectively side-stepping the global restriction of (1).
2. Your admin would need to upgrade your sourcegraph instance – you’re on 3.34.
- In 3.37+, you’ll have the option to create globally-visible dashboards regardless of being a site admin
- In 3.40+, [you’ll get direct share links on individual insights](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/release/3.40) (but will still need people to be part of an organisation, or still need to be able to create a global dashboard).
