
# New Slack message in trial-kbtg-sourcegraph <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#8822](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/8822)
- Application engineer: Stomzy Mwendwa
- Customer: KBTG <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: June 7, 2022

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: ​3.39.1
- Deployment: Docker-Compose
- External Services:
- Auth Providers:


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C03GRH68W7M/p1654678294516559 
- GitHub Issue Link: N/A
- Doc Update Link:

## Summary
### Customer Question
sourcegraph query question:

Is it possible to search for all possible value of regrex group match?

for example, if I search for log4j vulnerability match like org\.apache\.logging\.log4j' 2\.((0|1|2|3|4|5|6|7|8|9|10|11|12|13|14|15)(\.[0-9]+)) lang:gradle patterntype:regexp count:all

I'll find all source code that match pattern.

But is it possible to get all version in our repository that match that expression and count summary total instead?

something like Insight feature, but I don't want it to find all history of code like insight, I just want the latest code rightaway.

Is it possible to query that in SourceGraph?
### Application Engineer Answer
ou can use the repo:contains.content(...) or file:contains.content(...) filters to search for repos or files that contain the content that match the regex you'd like to pass along.

In this case this would be something like:

repo:contains.content(org\.apache\.logging\.log4j 2.((0|1|2|3|4|5|6|7|8|9|10|11|12|13|14|15)(\.[0-9]+))) lang:gradle patterntype:regexp count:all

This searches exhaustively for files that match the gradle content of repos that reference a vulnerable version of log4j anywhere, taking the regex pattern.

You could of course play around with the value of the repo:contains.content(...) predicate to whatever you'd like.
### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created
