
# user unable to see results from a branch of a repo <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#9011](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/9011)
- Application engineer: Michael Bali
- Customer: Unity <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: June 14, 2022

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: 3.36.2​
- Deployment: kubernetes
- External Services: GITHUB,GITLAB
- Auth Providers: builtin,saml


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C01FXGSJW5R/p1655281056848089
- GitHub Issue Link: N/A
- Doc Update Link: N/A

## Summary
### Description of Customer Issue
The User was trying to get results without specifying the branch of the repo.

### Troubleshooting Steps
- To know if the repo is indexed.
- Confirmed if they are able to get results by specifying the branch

### Resolution
By default, Sourcegraph returns results from the default branch (HEAD branch /main branch/master branch). However, if what you are looking for isnt in the default branch, you would. have to specify the branch. To search revisions other than the default branch, specify the revisions by either appending them to the `repo:` filter or by listing them separately with the `rev:` filter. This means:
`repo:github.com/myteam/abc@<revisions>`
is equivalent to
`repo:github.com/myteam/abc rev:<revisions>`.Glob patterns allow you to search over a range of branches or tags. Prepend `*` to mark a revision as glob pattern and add the glob-pattern after it like this `repo:<repo>@*<glob-pattern>`. For example:
`@*refs/heads/*` - search across all branches
`@*refs/tags/*` - search across all tags

We automatically add a trailing `/*` if it is missing from the glob pattern.

You can create a search context that represents a group of repositories at specified branches or revisions that will be targeted by search queries.By default, sourcegraph searches the default repository, we have an experimental feature called [multi-branch indexing](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_search/explanations/features#multi-branch-indexing-experimental) which is still in active development. So either this or search context can help in this use case.

### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created

### Relevant Error / Logs
<!-- Please redact keys, tokens, and personal identifying information -->


<!-- Once complete, upload a copy to https://github.com/sourcegraph/support-tools-internal/tree/main/resolved-tickets as a .md file -->
<!-- Name the file 9011.md -->
