# New Slack message in trial-kbtg-sourcegraph <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#9102](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/9102)
- Application engineer: Stomzy Mwendwa
- Customer: KBTG <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: June 16, 2022

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: ​3.40
- Deployment: Docker-compose
- External Services: 
- Auth Providers:


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C03GRH68W7M/p1655458384403969
- GitHub Issue Link: N/A
- Doc Update Link: N/A

## Summary
### Customer Question
Question: what is best practice to config indexer to able to search latest update code?

I got a feedback from user that they cannot find code in their repository.
After I investigate, I found that they didn't push code in default branch (it staled for a year) but they put in different environment branch.

From what I understand, SourceGraph default search and only in default branch, which in this case, the code is not in default branch so it cannot find.

I want SourceGraph to search everything not only default branch, but I don't want to config each repo individually everytime.
I can tell user to put rev: tag, but then it break the "global search" feature, which they want to search everything.

Are there any way I can easily manage this?

attached the picture of repo and branch that they cannot find.
### Application Engineer Answer
To answer this:
Question: what is the best practice to config indexer to able to search latest update code?
Sourcegraph 'talks' to the code host to pull updates based on a heuristic that's based on commit frequency in the repositories
From our docs:
For example, if a repository’s last commit was 8 hours ago, then the next sync will be scheduled 4 hours from now. If after 4 hours, there are still no new commits,
then the next sync will be scheduled 6 hours from then.
Repositories will not be updated more frequently than 45 seconds, and no less frequently than every 8 hours.
You can use either of the following options:
You can configure repo webhooks to fetch new repo changes faster.
Controlling the sync frequency
Option 2:
You can opt to use these configurations in the site:
repoListUpdateInterval controls how frequently we check the code host for new repositories in minutes.
gitMaxConcurrentClones controls the maximum number of concurrent cloning / pulling operations per gitserver that Sourcegraph will perform.


To answer this;
I want SourceGraph to search everything not only default branch, but I don't want to config each repo individually everytime.
Glob patterns allow you to search over a range of branches or tags. Prepend * to mark a revision as glob pattern and add the glob-pattern after it like this repo:<repo>@*<glob-pattern>. For example:
@*refs/heads/* - search across all branches
@*refs/tags/* - search across all tags
We automatically add a trailing /* if it is missing from the glob pattern.
### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created
https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_search/how-to/search_contexts
