
# New Slack message in trial-sb <!-- Ticket Title  Hint: include keywords to make it searchable -->

- Zendesk Link: [#9105](https://sourcegraph.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/9105)
- Application engineer: Stomzy Mwendwa
- Customer: Simply Business <!-- Redact if this contains personally identifying information -->
- Date: June 16, 2022

<!-- Data populated from integration, speak to Ben Gordon or Michael Bali if not working -->
<!-- During Internal team trial, fill missing data manually (we are waiting for all data to sync) -->

## Technical Environment
- Version: ​3.40
- Deployment: Docker-compose
- External Services:
- Auth Providers:


## Links
<!-- Data for application engineer manual entry -->
- Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C03KUN7SPRA/p1655460302516499 
- GitHub Issue Link: N/A
- Doc Update Link: N/A

## Summary
### Customer Question
What values should i use for memory limits, or are the defaults okay. I'm using a c5.4xlarge instance
### Application Engineer Answer
can help answer this.
Considering that a c5.4x has 16 CPUs and 32G of memory, I'd suggest consulting our resource estimator as a base start/foundation for how much you'd need to allocate resource wise for your deployment.
I must say that the resource estimator is undergoing significant changes in terms of improvement to properly help setting up a healthy Sourcegraph instance.
With that being said, the figures you'll get after providing inputs, should form a base for your instance as users start adding repositories and performing activities on it. We can always scale up vertically if required.
The defaults tend to work great in small usage environments, say 20 or so users with a few hundred repos, but performance may start shifting when these grow exponentially.
All in all, I do believe that the resource estimator can help with deciding on whether to scale up CPU/Mem as you start or stick with the defaults.
I hope this helps!
### Relevant Docs Pages Used/Created
